GLS edit of pair-mob-programming completed. (#101)
rht-labs/tech-exercise: docs/slides/content/pair-and-mob-programming.md

### A Day of Mob Programming
<iframe width="1200" height="900" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dVqUcNKVbYg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope" allowfullscreen></iframe>

##### Key Takeaways
- **Mentoring of team members:** Sharing tips and tricks or shortcuts can widen both pairs' skill depth. This sharing can also bring junior associates up to speed very rapidly.
- **Half the code:** Two minds working on the same problem makes for more efficiently written code, so less spaghetti.
- **No pull requests:** Code is reviewed as it's written, avoiding superficial reviews. The temptation to cut corners is reduced when pairing because someone is watching.

> - **Team bonding:** Pair and mob programming facilitates interactions. A room with mob and pair programming going on is louder. Happy coders lead to better code.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Team bonding:** Pair and mob programming facilitates interactions. Instead of sitting in a room with headphones on, ignoring the world around, developers in pairs or mobs look engaged and happier. Happy coders lead to better code.
```

Author: Just tweaked one preposition. Otherwise, I like this suggestion!

> <!--TechEdit: this bit about "is louder" - is that a key takeaway? Does it imply something positive or negative? Usually, "loud" has a more negative connotation, so maybe a word other than "loud" would be better or say why "loud" is good, such as "... is loud because team members are fully engaged." I would probably rephrase - "loud" isn't the point, but rather engagement, I think.-->

Reviewer: agreed! I just left a suggestion up there.

```suggestion
```
